README.md, before:

Hyper_ Slaves Plugin For Jenkins
================================

This plugin allows to execute a jenkins job inside [`Hyper_`](https://hyper.sh) container(s).

<!-- TOC depthFrom:1 depthTo:6 withLinks:1 updateOnSave:1 orderedList:0 -->

- [Architecture](#architecture)
- [Dependency](#dependency)
- [Usage](#usage)
	- [Config](#config)
		- [Enable JNLP](#enable-jnlp)
		- [hyper-commons-plugin Configuration](#hyper-commons-plugin-configuration)
		- [Job Configuration](#job-configuration)
	- [Start Build](#start-build)
	- [View Log](#view-log)
		- [View Build Result](#view-build-result)
		- [View Slave node log](#view-slave-node-log)
		- [View build container](#view-build-container)

<!-- /TOC -->

# Architecture
![](image/hyper.png)

# Dependency
- [hyper-commons-plugin](https://github.com/jenkinsci/hyper-commons-plugin)
- Hyper_ credential (get from https://console.hyper.sh)
- Jenkins Server should have `public ip`
- build image should contain `wget` and `java`
  - `wget`: download slave.jar from jenkins master with wget
  - `java`: run slave agent(slave.jar) to connect Jenkins master through JNLP

# Usage

## Config

### Enable JNLP
```
Manage Jenkins -> Configure Global Security
  -> Enable security: checked
  -> TCP port for JNLP agents: Fixed 5000
```
![](image/config-global-security-jnlp.png)


### hyper-commons-plugin Configuration
```
Manage Jenkins -> Configure System -> Hyper Config
  -> Access Key
  -> Secret Key

Manage Jenkins -> Configure System -> Hypercli Install
  -> Download Hypercli
```
![](image/hyper-commons-plugin-config.png)


### Job Configuration

Select build image  
![](image/job-config-general.png)

Add build step  
![](image/job-config-build-step.png)

## Start Build
Click `Build Now`  
![](image/build-now.png)

## View Log

### View Build Result
![](image/console-output.png)

### View Slave node log
![](image/slave-node-log.png)

### View build container

![](image/build-container-info.png)

![](image/build-container-log.png)

Commit message:

[master] optimize download slave.jar, support both wget and curl

README.md, after:

Hyper_ Slaves Plugin For Jenkins
================================

This plugin allows to execute a jenkins job inside [`Hyper_`](https://hyper.sh) container(s).

<!-- TOC depthFrom:1 depthTo:6 withLinks:1 updateOnSave:1 orderedList:0 -->

- [Architecture](#architecture)
- [Dependency](#dependency)
- [Usage](#usage)
	- [Config](#config)
		- [Enable JNLP](#enable-jnlp)
		- [hyper-commons-plugin Configuration](#hyper-commons-plugin-configuration)
		- [Job Configuration](#job-configuration)
	- [Start Build](#start-build)
	- [View Log](#view-log)
		- [View Build Result](#view-build-result)
		- [View Slave node log](#view-slave-node-log)
		- [View build container](#view-build-container)

<!-- /TOC -->

# Architecture
![](image/hyper.png)

# Dependency
- [hyper-commons-plugin](https://github.com/jenkinsci/hyper-commons-plugin)
- Hyper_ credential (get from https://console.hyper.sh)
- Jenkins Server should have `public ip`
- build image should contain `wget`/`curl` and `java`
  - `wget`/`curl`(optional): download slave.jar from jenkins master. This ensures that slave agent version matched with the master. Download will be skipped when wget/curl is missing.
  - `java`(required): run slave agent(slave.jar) to connect Jenkins master through JNLP.

# Usage

## Config

### Enable JNLP
```
Manage Jenkins -> Configure Global Security
  -> Enable security: checked
  -> TCP port for JNLP agents: Fixed 5000
```
![](image/config-global-security-jnlp.png)


### hyper-commons-plugin Configuration
```
Manage Jenkins -> Configure System -> Hyper Config
  -> Access Key
  -> Secret Key

Manage Jenkins -> Configure System -> Hypercli Install
  -> Download Hypercli
```
![](image/hyper-commons-plugin-config.png)


### Job Configuration

Select build image(`Recommended Container Size: >=S2` )  
![](image/job-config-general.png)

Add build step  
![](image/job-config-build-step.png)

## Start Build
Click `Build Now`  
![](image/build-now.png)

## View Log

### View Build Result
![](image/console-output.png)

### View Slave node log
![](image/slave-node-log.png)

### View build container

![](image/build-container-info.png)

![](image/build-container-log.png)
